update PII on Session Replay (#9648)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/session-replay/setup/javascript.angular.mdx

  throw new Error("Sentry Test Error");
}
```
### PII & Privacy Considerations

> Personally identifiable information (PII), and privacy are important considerations when enabling Session Replay. There are multiple ways in which Sentry helps you avoid collecting PII, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Personally identifiable information (PII) and privacy are important considerations when enabling Session Replay. There are multiple ways in which Sentry helps you avoid collecting PII, including:
```

> - [Masking](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#masking), which replaces the text content with something else. (The default behavior being to replace each character with a *.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Masking](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#masking), which replaces the text content with something else. (The default behavior replaces each character with a *.)
```

> - Making [Network request, response bodies, and headers](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#network-request-and-response-bodies-and-headers) an opt-in feature, because the best way to avoid getting PII into Sentry is by not adding URLs of endpoints that may contain PII.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Making [network request, response bodies, and headers](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#network-request-and-response-bodies-and-headers) an opt-in feature, because the best way to avoid getting PII into Sentry is by not adding URLs of endpoints that may contain PII.
```

> While we have certain privacy considerations in place, Sentry's Session Replays allow you to set up the [privacy configurations](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#privacy-configuration) that work best for your use case. For example, if you're working on a static website that's free of PII or other types of private data, you can opt out of the default text masking and image blocking settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we have certain privacy considerations in place, Sentry's Session Replay allows you to set up the [privacy configurations](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#privacy-configuration) that work best for your use case. For example, if you're working on a static website that does not contain any PII or other types of private data, you can opt out of the default text masking and image blocking settings.
```

> ### PII & Privacy Considerations
> 
> Personally identifiable information (PII), and privacy are important considerations when enabling Session Replay. There are multiple ways in which Sentry helps you avoid collecting PII, including:
> - [Masking](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#masking), which replaces the text content with something else. (The default behavior being to replace each character with a *.)
> - Making [Network request, response bodies, and headers](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#network-request-and-response-bodies-and-headers) an opt-in feature, because the best way to avoid getting PII into Sentry is by not adding URLs of endpoints that may contain PII.
> 
> While we have certain privacy considerations in place, Sentry's Session Replays allow you to set up the [privacy configurations](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#privacy-configuration) that work best for your use case. For example, if you're working on a static website that's free of PII or other types of private data, you can opt out of the default text masking and image blocking settings.
> To learn more about session replay privacy, [read our docs.](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### PII & Privacy Considerations

Personally identifiable information (PII) and privacy are important considerations when enabling Session Replay. There are multiple ways in which Sentry helps you avoid collecting PII, including:
- [Masking](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#masking), which replaces the text content with something else. (The default behavior being to replace each character with a *.)
- Making [Network request, response bodies, and headers](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#network-request-and-response-bodies-and-headers) an opt-in feature, because the best way to avoid getting PII into Sentry is by not adding URLs of endpoints that may contain PII.

While we have certain privacy considerations in place, Sentry's Session Replays allow you to set up the [privacy configurations](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/#privacy-configuration) that work best for your use case. For example, if you're working on a static website that's free of PII or other types of private data, you can opt out of the default text masking and image blocking settings.
To learn more about Session Replay privacy, [read our docs.](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/)
```

> To learn more about session replay privacy, [read our docs.](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about session replay privacy, [read our docs](/platforms/javascript/session-replay/privacy/).
```
